作者Severine (賽非茵)看板Stock標題[新聞] Coinbase to suspend trading of Binance時間Tue Feb 28 01:45:12 2023

原文標題： Coinbase to suspend trading of Binance USD (BUSD)

原文連結： https://bit.ly/3IYfwcn

發布時間： Published 33 mins ago on February 27, 2023

記者署名： Priya NV


原文內容：

-Coinbase will suspend trading services to Binance starting mid-March
-The exchange stated that the decision comes after evaluating whether the
 stablecoin meets their listing standards

Coinbase, a leading U.S. crypto exchange, announced that it would suspend the
trading of Binance USD (BUSD). The decision comes right when the U.S.
Securities and Exchanges Commission (SEC) labeled the stablecoin as a
security. Notably, Coinbase is the first major U.S.-based crypto exchange to
put a distance between the stablecoin after regulatory action was brought to
light.

The crypto exchange stated that it would pause BUSD trading on March 13,
2023.  This suspension would apply to Coinbase.com, Coinbase Pro, Coinbase
Exchange, and Coinbase Prime. The American crypto exchange further stated
that users would be able to withdraw their coins at any time. The exchange
said,

“We regularly monitor the assets on our exchange to ensure they meet our
listing standards. Based on our most recent reviews, Coinbase will suspend
trading for Binance USD (BUSD) on March 13, 2023, on or around 12pm ET.”

Notably, the news has not had a significant impact on the stablecoin at press
time. According to CoinMarketCap, BUSD still held the third position among
the top stablecoins in the market, with the coin maintaining its dollar peg.

Coinbase’s move a reaction to SEC action?

On February 13, 2023, Paxos Trust Company- the company issuing BUSD –
 confirmed that the firm had received a Wells notice from the SEC at the
beginning of the month. The notice stated that staff at the commission was “
considering recommending an action” claiming that the stablecoin was a
security. And, as a result, the firm was required to register BUSD under
federal securities laws.

However, the BUSD issuer disagreed with SEC’s argument, claiming that the
stablecoin was not a security. Paxos even stated that it would defend BUSD‘s
status through litigation if required. As of February 18, 2023, the firm’s
CEO – Charles Cascarilla – stated that was in “constructive discussions”
 with the commission over the matter.

Moreover, Paxos’ issue did not just end with the SEC’s regulatory action.
The New York Department of Financial Services ordered the firm to stop
minting Binance USD. This was because of “several unresolved issues related
to Paxos’ oversight of its relationship with Binance in regard to
Paxos-issued BUSD.” Paxos has since ended its relationship with Binance,
citing changing market conditions as the reason.



心得/評論：

雖然有之前UST的事件發生,但似乎此次事件目前並沒有對市場造成多大影響.
畢竟沒有之前那樣擠兌的事情發生.

噓 DrGun       : 痲痹惹8 02/28 01:55

→ allenchang0 : 因為要先讓大戶先跑 02/28 01:58

推 ckuser      : 大哥 標題要打完啊… Binance USD 02/28 07:36

噓 deepdish    : 假鬼假怪文一律餵食chatGPT 02/28 07:55

噓 deepdish    : https://i.imgur.com/z8h5eUe.png 02/28 07:58

推 ruokcnn     : SEC要查他 當然乖乖鎖 02/28 10:26
